MVCMovie/README.md, before:

[ISO Format]


Harjot Singh
0852353
Web Application
Developed w/ : VS , .NET 7
No Auth

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# WORK LOG (Time in UTC) 
# 2024-05-09

17:50 
- Updated Index.cshtml file to change the text

19:00
- Added youtube video emebed code in "/Views/Movie"

19:08
- Added controller
- Tested adding image inside prject at path "/img/" dir

20:30
- Added a Welcome View
- Showed Welcome page with link of pattern https://localhost:7242/Movie/Welcome/xxxxxx?id=yyyy 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# WORK LOG (Time in UTC) 
# 2024-05-09

18:30
- Created a Movie Class (with format of data to store in database)

18:35
- Added Scaffold items which created 'MoviesController' and '/Views/Movies (Views)'

18:40
- Added a SqlDatabase with Nuget Packagae Manager
- Migrations folder and Data folder created aautomatically at time : 20240523181110

19:17
- Added movies data base through the web Create page

19:32
- Replaced variable name in html page by adding conditional statement in '/View/Movies/Index.cshtml'
  (for converting "ReleaseDate => Release Date")




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

-added rating field -chaanges in index,create, edit..views

MVCMovie/README.md, after:

[ISO Format]


Harjot Singh
0852353
Web Application
Developed w/ : VS , .NET 7
No Auth

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# WORK LOG (Time in UTC) 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# 2024-05-09

17:50 
- Updated Index.cshtml file to change the text

19:00
- Added youtube video emebed code in "/Views/Movie"

19:08
- Added controller
- Tested adding image inside prject at path "/img/" dir

20:30
- Added a Welcome View
- Showed Welcome page with link of pattern https://localhost:7242/Movie/Welcome/xxxxxx?id=yyyy 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# 2024-05-09

18:30
- Created a Movie Class (with format of data to store in database)

18:35
- Added Scaffold items which created 'MoviesController' and '/Views/Movies (Views)'

18:40
- Added a SqlDatabase with Nuget Packagae Manager
- Migrations folder and Data folder created aautomatically at time : 20240523181110

19:17
- Added movies data base through the web Create page

19:32
- Replaced variable name in html page by adding conditional statement in '/View/Movies/Index.cshtml'
  (for converting "ReleaseDate => Release Date")




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# 2024-05-30

18:39

- Added Search bar for seacrching movies
- Added sql code for querty and changes in Index methos in MoviesController

19:17
- Added filter to filter out genres

19:24 
- Created github account for college email
- Added this project to github with name movies-webapp
- Created 'develop' branch along with master (default) branch and commited all the work until now to that repo
- url of project :
https://github.com/stharjot/movies-webapp/

19:40
- Added Rating field
